# Purpose
This space will allow the current Contact Center Leads to unload information that occurs from our scheduled or one off meetings that are had 
multiple VA contact centers.
If there are questions or feedback concerning any of the details listed in this document, you can contact the Contact Center Leads directly
through Slack or send a message to the # vsp-contact-center-support Slack channel.

## Frequency
### WHVAH/VEO<>VA.gov Contact Center 
- Bi-Weekly, Fridays
- 3:30 - 4:30 ET
- Microsoft Teams _(must have VA access)_

### WHVAH/VEO<>VA.gov Contant Center _(Tiger Team Meeting)_ 
- TBD

### COVID Contact Center Group 
- Weekly, Mondays and Wednesdays
- 3:00 - 3:30 ET
- Microsoft Teams _(must have VA access)_




#### 5/8/2020:
#### WHVAH/VEO<> VA.gov Contact Center
Agenda Items:
- Any information needed from our team?
  - _WHVAH had no pending updates and needed no details or information from our side of the house_
- How is remote work going for VEO and WHVAH
  - _A few challenges in the beginning but have since leveled out._
  - Call volume
    - _Call volume has stabalized.  Mission Act calls decreased about 37% from March to April, but as of late, they are beginning to trend upward._
- Progress on SalesForce Fields for VA.gov issues
  - _Due to other priorities, the SalesForce development is now on hold.  Lana Waters expressed that she is unsure how long the delay will be, but she is going to try to push forward with the updates.  She will keep us posted on any updates and the outcome._
- Review of ALL current VA.gov technical KMs
  - _Informed particicpants that there are possible updates to the current KMs that their agents are using.  Additional probing questions have been sent over to the Todd and his team for review; this is going to be discussed duting our first Tiger Team meeting which will be held on 5/27/2020._


#### 5/22/2020:
#### WHVAH/VEO<> VA.gov Contact Center
Agenda Items:
- Call volumes
  - _No increase in call volumes._
- Status update on SF fields
  - _Development talks have resumed, looking to start next month but no definite date as of yet.  The developmemt team is in the process of wrapping up mock ups for five or six teams.  Once those are completed, we will be able to move forward._ 
  - _Chante will resend the updated SalesForce topic and sub-topic fields that were modified previously._
- QA
  -WHVAH
    - Any additional Vetexts coming out?
      - _Chante informaed that a Vetext was due to be sent out on 5/22/2020, but that did not occur at the last minute._
    - Call center modernization: Have there been any issues with chatbot and if so, whom do users contact?
      - _Chante has advised that there have been no reported issues for chatbot and that if there were an issue, then the user would probably call in to the call center and have their question answered.  She will provide them with the demo video for the chatbot, but there should be no need for troubleshooting, but if so, to notify us so that we can assist accordingly._
    - Discussion regarding routing to tier 2 and tier 3 in the future.  What does that look like?  What would we (VSP Contact Center Team) want that routing process to look like?
      - _Chante and I will meet to discuss what we would want that routing to look like. Brainstorm for the phased roll out._

#### 5/27/2020:
#### WHVAH/VEO _(Tiger Team)_<> VA.gov Contact Center
Agenda Items:
- Meeting Candence
  - _Monday through Wednesday are the most feasible times for the weekly meeting for the WHVAH team due to possible issues that may arrise._
  - _Kimberley will send over a few meeting times to see which will be the best option._
  - _Inquired if this meeting will/can take the place of the bi weekly meeting that is held on Fridays._
    -_Todd will check with Rebecca and I will check with Chante.
    -_Informed that this was a meeting that was held before my onboarding, but instead of cutting from the schedule, maybe it could be montly. 
    -_TDB_
- Can the VA.gov Contact Center team create templates, desk references, or FAQs to provided to the agents in order to obtain additional details while on the phone with the user?
  - _Todd and Eric agreed that we can create KMs that will be entered into SF for the agents to use._
  - _There is no particular format for the KMs._
  - _Requested to add Doian Adeyemi and Mike Scipione to the meetingn since they manage KMs._
  - I inquired if the agents would be able to obtain email addresses while on the phone with users.  I advised that in revieww of the Sf tickets I notice that many times agents will receive a phone number from the user in order to receive a call back.  I informed them that I do not have a business phone and it is implausible for one person to manage that task.  Also, much of the information that we need to pass back to the appropriate team is easier to retrieve in writing.
    
    - _Call volume has stabalized.  Mission Act calls decreased about 37% from March to April, but as of late, they are beginning to trend upward._
- Progress on SalesForce Fields for VA.gov issues
  - _Due to other priorities, the SalesForce development is now on hold.  Lana Waters expressed that she is unsure how long the delay will be, but she is going to try to push forward with the updates.  She will keep us posted on any updates and the outcome._
- Review of ALL current VA.gov technical KMs
  - _Informed particicpants that there are possible updates to the current KMs that their agents are using.  Additional probing questions have been sent over to the Todd and his team for review; this is going to be discussed duting our first Tiger Team meeting which will be held on 5/27/2020._
