# VAOS Retros

<details>
<summary>July 20, 2021</summary>

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/72046525/127242896-2e0c13c4-f2ec-4e60-875b-d8718264327a.png)

- [ ] Jeff - Work with Marcy when sheâ€™s back and comfortable with TMP to get a TMP demo for the team
- [ ] Kam/Brad - Look into dashboards for facilities api calls
- [ ] Kam - Find some time with facilities team to talk about api change communication
- [ ] Lauren/Team - help figure out a more consistent, sustainable process for making sure action items from retros are addressed
- [ ] Lauren/Jeff/Kam - Re-post retro schedule in link in team channel, since most folks missed it
- [ ] Kam/Brad/Lauren - Follow up on any additional meetings/retros we feel like could be useful with various VAMF teams

</details>
