# Meeting Notes

## 2021-04-09

#### Attendees
- Marci McGuire, PM for Decision Tools Team
- Michelle Middaugh, PM for Facilities Team
- Cassandra Allen, Designer
- Megan Gayle, Designer
- Leyda Hughes, Designer

#### Topic
Design intent review
- Overview of project scope
- Current status of each design
- Date for design intent review
- Documents needed

#### Notes
- Brief scope overview
- Status update from Cassandra 
    - eaders do need to be updated to have a link underneath per Josh Kim's feedback
    - There will be a separate ticket for R&S mobile per John to make it match the other mobile
- Megan
    - Adding an underline as well
    - Has also noticed there's a width difference - if there is no left rail, it's
- Leyda
    - They did an audit for link styles and buttons
    - They did a review of the Facility Locator - font style differences; pretty minor
    - They probably align the least we well for some of the layout stuff.  Don't use the same form library

- Design Intent Review Timing
    - I have not put the request in yet; they ask for a date and time. 
    - Leyda needs probably another week
    - Early the week after next.

- Michelle - questions, concerns?
    - Are VAMC pages in scope?  
    - Leyda identified all the buttons that needed to be changed
    - Link styles - gets a little muddy. It's a decision we need to make. Do they want to 
    - Would it be reasonable to just do a representative page for VAMC
    - Facility locator input field is currently bold.  Style guide is to unbold.

#### Decisions
- Implementation of the UI changes will be done as each team prioritizes and has bandwidth to roll the changes into their products. 

#### Action Items
- Complete Product Outline (Marci)
- Schedule design intent review (Marci)
- Gather design artifacts (Marci, Cassandra, Megan, Leyda)
