# Notes from 3.30.21 chat with Terry, Liz, and AJ

## Project planning questions

- Given the original project timeline had us launching work early in April, how have things adjusted since then? Do you have a modified timeline?
- Do you have a list of the MVP notifications that will be included in this build? We will need real notifications and real data in order to do usability testing.
- For the MVP, are VEText and VANotify your only partners, or are there are other partners you'll be working with at the VA?
- Has your team started working on the integrations with any of your partners (eg. VEText, VANotify)? If no, when do you anticipate this will start, and how long do you think this will take?
- Have any of your partners (eg. VEText, VANotify) started to work on formalizing content (eg. the actual content that will be used for groups and items/notifications)? If no, when do you anticipate this will start, and how long do you think this will take?

## Design questions

- What error messages are built into the API? Is the API structured that we might only be able to load one piece of info (type, channel, or group) or do we get all or nothing?
