# 2021 Stakeholder Meeting Notes

## 2021-05-04 Meeting with Kayce White VBAVACO
- Discussion about updates
- Kayce doesn't mind providing updates or info, but she wants it to be as up to date as possible.
- There are some APIs and some consumers of the forms who have hard-coded logic around the forms. 
- LH was thinking about building it.  Maybe it makes sense to have the link near the form on the web site near the search.
- Kayce already sends out updates to the VA users
- We'll give it some more thought about how we'd capture this and what it would look like.  We'd build it in the CMS and hand the keys to the CMS to the right people to update the page.
- John considers this good intake and a good idea as we look at the rest of our roadmap.
- Kayce - you'll definitely need more people involved.  Who wants to be involved, who is willing to update the content.
- Per John, the CMS team is swamped for the next few months working on the VAMC sites and the medical center sites. 
- Kayce - if we could road map this out and do this by end of calendar year?
- John - it would be difficult for him to answer due to the CMS dependency.  It may be possible next year. Let us unpack it, break it down and build out the requirements.  What does it look like, is there a simpler or easier approach, the priority and value.
- Kayce - we could use the a company that created it as an example - CPKM portal.  Kayce will send that to us.  
- Kayce works on comp service forms.  For other lines of business, kayce could bring them in and introduce us and then I can reach out to them seperately.
- Kayce wants to be sure that whatever is out there is understandable and uses generic terms.
- Kayce is making a non-substantiative change, and it will affect several systems that Nichole's users own.  She would like to give them 10 business days lead time before the change is released.
- Since we are not VA employees, that presents a challenge.  Kayce will talk to her boss.  Since it's a minor change, she may not be able to give us 10 days.
- Compensation Services is one of the most-used. 
- Nichole would like to bring this forward and take it to the others that she talks to.
- Brian McCarthy was the VSO for VHA - Janel is the Deputy Director there.  She is also Kayce's contact.  VBA has different business lines that manages their forms (which is why they have to have someone to make 
- Kayce can give us a high-level overview of VHA - process flow for updates to forms, OMB updates, differences in types of changes.
- VA.gov - several people were invited to test, give their opinions
- Kayce asked for "Issue date" to be removed, but doesn't get as many questions with "last updated".  Revision Date and Version Date should match.  Revision vs. Version should be the same.
- Form Last Updated makes more sense
- Let's not refer to revision date.  The version date
- Maybe this can be build into whatever new thing we come up with.
- For right now, whether it was updated in December doesn't really matter.
- Can we remove the date? Nichole's users do need the date
- The web admin people - some of the forms get updated when there's no change on their end.
- Kayce 8940- Says 10/29/2020 - she knows that form has not been updated in two years.  Nobody can make a change to a form without coming through her.
- Revision date doesn't necessarily mean version date.  She would not be opposed to having a version date field, which would be the month and year (in the lower-left corner of the form)
- va.gov/find-forms/ - 850 forms that VBA owns reference the old web site that doesn't.  They were not told that a new URL was going to be created - - va.gov/vaforms/ (was probably changed to improve search engine ranking)
- This is not a big deal.

## 2021-04-09 Monthly Stakeholder Meeting

#### Attendees
- John Hashimoto, PO
- Marci McGuire, PM
- Janel Keyes
- Adrienne Hooten
- Robert Parks
- JP (John P DiMartino)
- TB 
- UU

#### Notes
- Would like some metrics on how many of each form is being processed on paper and digitally.
- We went through the slide deck - enhancements, metrics, next
- Looking for a stakeholder who can help us with getting the legacy forms publishing turned off
- Discussed possible POC for managing forms through the Drupal CMS
- Janel is hearing about managing the forms through Drupal for the very first time
     - We could do discovery work, conversation, understanding better how it works now and potential opportunities in the future. 

#### Decisions
- We can put the CMS POC idea on the back burner until 2nd half of the year.  Janel is stretched thin. We will bring this back up in the fall.

#### Action Items
- Provide slide deck to attendees
- Distinguish traffic from internal network searches (VA employees vs. non-VA)
- We need to get someone from the VBA forms team on the call.  Adrienne will get us a contact.
