# VA 508 Monthly Call

## Agenda for May 18, 2021

### Introductions
**Trevor - agenda outline**
* Introduce discussions

### Access Board Hearing on Kiosks
* Group discussion
* Kiosks are considered “websites”
  * Over 3000 will have to be inventoried, and those responsible for scheduling will need to be replaced
  * Blinded Veterans’ Association put this initiative forward, and are going to be engaged
  * Report is due at the end of June, Secretary of VA will take findings to Congress in August, September
  * Mobile apps are excluded from the initiative
  * Sharepoint is also excluded. Surprising.
  * Sharepoint was being used for collaboration, and teams have now switched to Teams (MSFT’s Slack)
  * eLearning is not part of the initiative
  * Client-server is not part of it
  * Documents ARE part of it
  * AIRA.io for finding things -- what kind of integration could we look at? If any?
  * Internal location navigation -- service for VAMCs, how hard would this be to map? -- FREE as an AIRA free zone?
  * Inventory all the universal kiosks
    * These must be compliant too
    * From that, report to Congress on the ones that are responsible for scheduling:
      * Cemeteries
      * Benefits
      * Health care
      * Any others that deal with scheduling
      * Prescription pickups? Point of service more so than scheduling.
    * Patrick is going to replace Ming as the PO for the kiosks work

### Automation
**Trevor - Merged half of the fix for end-to-end tests**
* Nightwatch legacy e2e tests are performing as expected
* Next step is to finalize code update for static content and merge
* Working with CMS team and stakeholders to harden a11y processes for VAMC content editors
* VA 508 is scanning ~450 sites on the internet every month, sending reports to Web Governance Board, who sends to webmasters to fix. VA.gov report is including these things.

### Design System Council
**Trevor - Some recent wins and improvements to design system governance:**
* Action links - material honesty in links looking like links
<br/>https://design.va.gov/storybook/?path=/docs/components-action-link--primary
* Web components - interop with React, and can be used in static pages too. This means no duplicated code for similar UI elements.
* Last week the council approved a workflow for experimental components. This helps teams innovate faster on new UI, while maintaining oversight and encouraging teams to contribute to the system.

### Recent Audits
* VAOS Community Care Appointments full audit - Linsey’s issues are logged and being worked on by the team.
https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team/issues/23731

### Freeform
* Stop the push for PDFs. GOV.UK has a no PDF policy, how could we get there?

### Todos and Follow Up Items
* 508 office leadership wondering if Deque adds anything to the testing process, or if they need to be added to the team. Will take that offline within the VA 508 office and let us know. End goal is for it to be as close to 100% as possible.
* Add rep from the BVA to monthly calls (Martha)
