# Design Weekly Sync Agenda

## 2023-06-12

Attendees: DK, Jessica, Hieu, Katelyn, Kristen, Alex

**VA 1010EZ Staff Research Questions**

We brainstormed questions for interviewing staff, done in these two Mural boards:

- [EZR discovery](https://app.mural.co/t/departmentofveteransaffairs9999/m/departmentofveteransaffairs9999/1684943221068/4b11f2d1902d05f12f53468263a561c2d5a460a9?wid=0-1684949791097)
- [EZ Registration-only path discovery](https://app.mural.co/t/departmentofveteransaffairs9999/m/departmentofveteransaffairs9999/1684348883203/49fc4ff1bf31f3cabe200663708c1002645b447f?wid=0-1686000958778)

## 2023-06-05

Attendees: DK, Jessica, Hieu, Katelyn, Kristen

**Registration-only (Jessica)**

- Jessica has a board with questions to answer via research.
- We talked through early reseach questions and what we're still missing as far as questions.

**EZR (Hieu)**

- Hieu walked us through the EZR Mural board and process flows he's created.
- We decided he's in a good place until we dig up more information through the scheduled meetings Alex is working on.

## 2023-05-29

- No meeting (holiday)

## 2023-05-22

Attendees: DK, Jessica, Hieu, Katelyn, Kristen

**Introduction**

Kristen McConnell introduced herself as part of OCTO, works with Patrick Bateman, and will be in all of the syncs. She is part of the health team, the design and research lead, and the appointment lead. She wants to encourage the team to think very broadly, beyond the scope of one project.

**Registration only path**
- Jessica showed off her early discovery efforts on the registration only path. It's early still and there are a lot of unanswered questions.
- Kristen: Think broadly with this research. Maybe onsite research? What setups in E&E offices would you need? We can provide a list of requirements for the sites.
- Kristen: Do we need triggers on other pages? What are the access points and should they be more strategic?


**Designer skills**

We came up with this rough list during the meeting:

Visual design
Interaction design
Discovery work
Research
  - Planning
  - Analyzing
  - Running it
Content
  - Plain language
  - Microcopy
  - UX writing
Design system
IA
Systems-level thinking
Journey mapping/Flows/Service design
Accessibility
  - Design reviews
  - Audits
QA work
Stakeholder management
Storytelling
Presentations
Running meetings
Workshops
Internal advocacy

### Action items

- DK: Create a skills spreadsheet, starting with what we've brainstormed here.

---

## 2023-05-15

Attendees: DK, Jessica, Hieu


**Headline and Radio label design discovery**
- Hieu walked through two examples for both radio buttons and h3s on the 1010EZ.
- Broadly, the group felt like the explorations would improve things for Veterans, but only incrementally. It avoids the real challenge, making the questions h1 elements and deemphasizing the progress bar.


**Misc Item (Tabled items; if time chat about next meeting)**
- Any onboarding related questions?
- Designer interests and experiences list
- Content process ideas
- Source of truth - what lives where - Sketch, Mural, Github

### Action items

- Hieu to update ticket and recommend we work on the bigger problem instead: h1 and progress bar.
- The team should think through how it can contribute to that work broadly.

--- 

## 2023-05-08

Attendees: DK, Jessica, Katelyn, Hieu, Matt K.

**Katelyn showing designs for an improved primary/secondary caregiver clarification experience.**

- Experimented with different versions of a table, featuring primary/secondary caregiver differences. Great for scanning. Could be a challenge on mobile. Check color contrast and design system contraints/experiemental patterns for table visual treatments. 
- Started with DK's copy, and it feels like a lot of copy no matter how you arrange it or what components you use.
- Introduction page updates so it uses design system intro patter/progress component
- Additional info component feels like a crutch here. Also, modals won't work well either. Maybe this is a good reason to explore altering the flow?

### Action items

- Katelyn to do some work on a next round of designs and bring it to our next meeting.
