# Weekly sync: Harassment Reporting Tool (HRT) Sync 

<details><summary>About this meeting</summary>

- Thursday 1:30PM ET 
- Meeting owner: John Hashimoto/Brian Lloyd
- Facilitator: Brian Lloyd 
- Standing agenda: 
  - Build Process, Timeline Validation, VSA Collaboration Cycle Review, Deliverables, and Next Steps
  - How we work
  - etc.
  
</details>

<details><summary>Parking lot</summary>
  
- TBD

</details>
  


</summary>

</details>

## July 1, 2021

* Design Elements - Review mock ups  
  * Clarity Requests: non-departmental anonymous state
  * Updates/Feedback: 
  * Needs/Requests: Content for definitions (SA, SH, HO) 
  * Content needed for "Introduction Page" - Who will provide?
* Review "What is in Scope for MVP"
  * DVSA Team will build landing page (Content help is needed will be long pole in plan)
* Privacy and Security Updates - What's the latest (Update).
  * Measure Impact - How does this affect prototype? 
* Technical Review - Backend connections / Sharepoint 
  * How is the code affected by the new design?
  * Setup a Technical deep dive (considerations)
  * PR Code Review - Original Pull Request  
* Next Steps - Collaboration Cycle Checkin  
  * Design Intent Review - Once draft designs are finalized 
